Readme docs update (#11516)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/open_source/ldap-authentication.md

---
title: "Authentication via LDAP"
description: "Authenticate users using LDAP"
draft: false
weight: 4
---

## LDAP Authentication

Out of the box Defect Dojo does not support LDAP authentication.

*However*, since Defect Dojo is built using Django, it isn't too difficult to add support for LDAP.
So long as you don't mind building your own Docker images...

We will need to modify a grand total of 4-5 files, depending on how you want to pass Dojo your LDAP secrets.

 - Dockerfile.django-*
 - Dockerfile.nginx-*
 - requirements.txt
 - settings.dist.py
 - docker-compose.yml *(Optional)*

#### Dockerfile modifications

In both Dockerfile.django and Dockerfile.nginx, you want to add the following lines to the apt-get install layers:

```bash
libldap2-dev \
libsasl2-dev \
ldap-utils \
```

#### requirements.txt

Please check for the latest version of these requirements at the time of implementation on pypi.org and use those if you can.

> - [https://pypi.org/project/python-ldap/](python-ldap)
> - [https://pypi.org/project/django-auth-ldap/](django-auth-ldap)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [python-ldap](https://pypi.org/project/python-ldap/)
- [django-auth-ldap](https://pypi.org/project/django-auth-ldap/)
```

Otherwise add the following to requirements.txt:

```python
python-ldap==3.4.2
django-auth-ldap==4.1.0
```

#### settings.dist.py

> Find the settings file (hint: `/dojo/settings/settings.dist.py`) and add the following:

Reviewer: We generally discourage editing `settings.dist.py` now... I think `local_settings.py` would be the appropriate file to reference here? CC @Maffooch

Reviewer 2: Agreed. Here is how I would word it, but feel free to wordsmith it 😄 
```suggestion
Find the settings file (hint: check in `/dojo/settings/settings.py` for instructions for how to use `/dojo/settings/local_settings.py`, if the file does not already exist) and add the following:
```
